Sender/Receiver without Inputs/Outputs (#99)
AMWA-TV/nmos-sink-metadata-processing: docs/Behaviour - Client Side.md

### Changes which do not break Active Constraints

> Sender's changes which follow the Active Constraints do not affect the `active` property so if the transport file of the Sender has changed, the NMOS Controller SHOULD `PATCH /staged` of all the connected Receivers with the new `transport_file` (if it's used for the IS-05 connection) and immediate activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sender's changes which meet the Active Constraints do not affect the `active` property so if the transport file of the Sender has changed, the NMOS Controller SHOULD `PATCH /staged` of all the connected Receivers with the new `transport_file` requesting immediate activation.
```

> Sender's changes which follow the Active Constraints do not effect the `active` property so NMOS Controller MUST track version of Inputs, the Source, the Flow and the Sender. If transport file of the Sender has changed, NMOS Controller SHOULD `PATCH /staged` of all the Receivers with new `transport_file` (if it's used for the IS-05 connection) and immediate activation.

Author: ```suggestion
Sender's changes which follow the Active Constraints do not affect the `active` property so if the transport file of the Sender has changed, the NMOS Controller SHOULD `PATCH /staged` of all the connected Receivers with the new `transport_file` (if it's used for the IS-05 connection) and immediate activation.
```
